Email
-Exim is a MTA (mail transfer agent) that is largely sendmail compatible. 
-Sendmail is a very old but powerful MTA - default in Debian GNU/Linux
-DebConf asked us questions for Exim configuration
-How the configuration files can be managed as there a number of choices with
different tradeofs. Write down three ways that Exim configuration can be
managed under Debian: 
- exim4 -bP | less to see configuration elements of Exim 
-/etc/init.d/exim4 stop start
-Exim logs file in /var/log/exim4
-use tail -f /var/log/exim4/mainlog 
-use mailq on server to see mail queue with messageID - yet to be delivered

-Envelope header is not the same as message header
-When the message to a mailing list or alias gets received by the mail server,
the server will explode the message, so one message will go to each member of
the list, with the envelope header set to that individual's email address, but
the message header (To:) set to the mailing-list address
-Forging headers
    Envelope MAIL FROM and message FROM and TO are commonly forged to try and
    hide tracks of spammers. 
    Received headers are routinely manipulated to make it harder for people to
    trace the spam back to where it came from. 
    -Sites should have a monitored email address abuse@domain that email
    messages about abuses such as spam or intrusion activity should be sent to. 

POP3
    apt-get install dovecot-pop3d
    sudo service dovecot restart
    POP3 is generally a clear text protcol, meaning passwords can be captured
    fairly easily. Protocol has been extended to use other authentication
    protocols instead of just plaintext usernamen and password. 
    -The Dovect server is able to get email from many different places, and so
    we need to tell it where it can find the messages for each user. 
    POP is used for pulling mail off the mail server. 
    -As with all clear-text protocols containing private data, it would be wise
    to use some sort of secure tunnel such as SSL. Some people use ssh to setup
    a secure tunnel to the server. 

7. Assessment
1. Speak to PO3
2. Create a short list of the biggest differences between IMAP and POP3
    POP3
        Downloads email from a server to a single computer, then deletes it
        from the server. It can appear that mail is missing or disappearing
        from your inbox if you try to check your mail from a different
        computer. 
        Stored locally on PC, not a mail server 

    IMAP - Internet Messaging Access Protocol
        Can use multiple computers and devices to check your email
        Mail is stored on the server, sent mail stays on the server so you can
        see it from any device. 


3. Configure a typical GUI email program such as Thunderbird on Client1 to
access the POP3 and SMTP services on Server1. Considering the options you saw
when setting up the account, what further improvements can be made? 
    Change security settings authentication method to encrypted password or
    something else. 
    Leave messages on server for certain amount of time, empty trash at exit
    Digitally sign certificate to ensure your identity
    Encryption certificate to encrypt and decrypt messages sent to you 
    Connection security of outgoing server SMTP 

