DNS using BIND 9

Domain Information Groper (DIG)
    successor of nslookup
    dig +short www.isc.org

Master Bind configuration file
    acl clients   :a way to reference a set of clients using IP addresses or
    DNS names. List part of an access control list, to control access to
    various types of requests made to the server
    
    options
        directory : where the zone files can be found by default. 
        allow-query : specify which clients may query the server. Can be an IP
        address or range, domain or access control list. 
        allow-transfer : which clients may perform a zone transfer (output
        which tells the receiver everything about a zone) 
        allow-recursion: allows the DNS server to go and get the complete
        answer to the clients question for caching name servers
        forwarders : useful for smaller networks. Allows you to specify any
        upstream DNS servers (eg ISP_, to improve performance
        listen-on and listen-on-v6: where the server should accept packets
        from. 
        auth-nxdomain: enables the server to give authoratative answers in the
        case of a lookup failing because it doesnt exist. Negative responses
        can be cached, reducing amount of traffic going to root nameservers and
        reducing latency in the DNS system (off by default) 

    Forward zones
        Specify the mappings from hostnames to IP addresses. 
        Put into /etc/bind/db.localdomain
        TTL: time to live, 3 days
        ns1.localdomain. = nameserver which is authorotative for this domain. 
        hostmaster.localdomain is the email address hostmaster@localdomain of
        the person responsible for the zone. -> alias to a real person
        SOA resource record contains various timeouts:
            serial number: slave servers use this as a version number to find
            out if they need to update. 
            refresh: how often check for updated version of zone file
            retry: if refresh failed, retry interval
            expire" after this interval if no update, remove
            negative or minimum: how long a negative result should be cached
            for. eg when the record being looked up does not exist. 
        Network resource records
            NS - nameserver for domain (must be at least two NS records for
            each public domain) 
            MX - gives various mail exchangers that accept mail for this
            domain. Each MX entry has a priority. 
        Hostname, class, RR type, RR values 
        A record and AAAA record 
        DNS servers/nameservers work in pairs. A public domain on the internet
        needs to have at least 2 nameservers and are referred to as ns1.domain
        and ns2.domain. 

    
    Reverse zones
        Mapping IP addresses to DNS names
        used on servers for logging purposes and access control 


Assessment 
4. Would have to go through example name server, then ubuntu name server, whereas the other way round we could go through ubuntu name server and then narrow it down to example? Less matches for query ubuntu compared to example?

What would need to happen if we wanted to change which server offered the ubuntu repository 
load-balancing  




