Video Notes
-WAO - work area B, B31 and B32 
-Telecommunications closet A, rack A and row 2
-Patch panel and port 8
-Switch 1 and port 11
-MAC address of station - 00:0d:93:b2:43:a0 (inventory database, DHCP) 
   Two connected devices operating in different duplex modes (e.g. one in half duplex the 
   other full) resulting in an inefficient link. Caused by manually setting two connected  
   network interfaces at different duplex modes, or by connecting a device that performs 
   autonegotiation to one that is manually set to a full duplex mode. 
Each WAO has two ports - one is Ethernet, the other can be for anything. Each WAO has     
   an identifier prefixed by work area identifier. Telecommunications closet. Behind the 
   faceplate is a piece of UTP. 
   Wall end of patch cable plugs into one of the sockets in a face plate which should have   
   at least 2 WAOs to help to identify the cable.    Need to record the WAO(work area outlet) identifier and the MAC address of the station 
   so a connection can be made and an address assigned. 
   Patch/network cable - one end connected to Ethernet. Made of stranded core (less susceptible to breaking)


1. Identify the particular basic link that leads to the computer in the video
   02B-1-2-8/B31

2. Why can labelling WAO to identify the other end of the cable be useful?

   Speed up setting up connection if the patch panel and cable are labelled the same. 


3. What might happen when a duplex mismatch occurs? 

   Communication is still possible - single packets are sent and acknowledged without  
   problems. There is a problem when both ends of the connection attempt to transfer data 
   at the same time or in large data transfers (multiple packets, trigger ACK, data sent 
   in both directions, collision! Sends a jamming signal then retries through CSMA/CD) 

   Would a ping test be likely to demonstrate the presence of a duplex mismatch? 
   A ping command would fail to detect a duplex mismatch because single packets and their 
   ACKs do not cause any problems on the network. Instead, send large amounts of data and  see if a jamming signal is received? Speed test - check throughput. 
